My family can't keep it anymore.
The evil is that you push the house into the abyss.
Let your family not be saved.
I don't know.
If it wasn't for you
Why did my family fall into this trap?
We will all be guilty of the chief princess.
I'll kill you.
Ly Van Hieu, I will not forgive you all my life.
Dare to ask Liu Xiang
The Zhou, the Wu, the Zheng, the Wang
There is also the General Manager of the Wei Public Palace.
And what crime?
Cut by law
As Liu Xiang said
See today.
It's the height of power.
In front of me.
It's all like dust
This one.
It's your choice.
I told you you could have today.
Rely on me.
The palace can accept you as a son.
I give orders.
I said this order.
I want to tear it up.
Want to destroy.
I said they'd break my leg.
It's not enough.
I said I'm over a thousand people.
This building is for me.
I said I'm prepared for you.
More than anything the Su family has given you.
I say you live and die.
In the midst of my thoughts.
I can give you infinite glory.
It can also make you unsalvageable.
Do you see it now?
Now.
Can you believe it?